one of the worst nights in Gaza since
the start of Israel's war on The
Enclave Abu haraki and his children Abu
Muhammad and his children all dead the
house was full of people more than 40 of
them this exclusive Al jaaz footage
shows the aftermath of an air strike on
a family home in B refugee camp in the
north at in the morning people were
asleep not a single warning was sent to
them it's a three-story building with
seven children of the Tambora family
inside it they have been massacred
tonight stretched out and pully equipped
rescue teams spent the night searching
for survivors and the remains of the
Dead in central Gaza more people were
killed than dozens injured in another
Israeli air
strike the target a shopping center in
the an refugee camp the blast set
neighboring shops on
fire the courtyard of this Hospital in D
balah Central Gaza was stwn with the
bodies of civilians doctors family
members and civil defense volunteers
trying to identify the
dead Israel ordered Palestinians to go
to Southern Gaza for
[Applause]
safety and they came under
attack nearly half of those killed our
[Music]
children the Palestinian Ministry of
Health says at least
1,873 children have been killed and
4,000 injured in the Israeli attack
since October
7 on day 16 of Israel's war on Gaza an
Israeli Army video makes the onslaught
look like a computer game but for the
Palestinians on the
ground it's an
apocalypse Muhammad Val Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer